Bob had been tossing and turning for hours, unable to get to sleep. He had been having the same nightmares lately, ever since he had bought the coffee shop. In his dreams, he was back in the city, working in the corporate office that he had hated so much. He would be stuck in a cramped cubicle, surrounded by stacks of papers and files, with the sound of finger-typing and muffled conversation coming from the other cubicles. The fluorescent lights would give everything a harsh, unnatural glare. Bob would be struggling to catch up on his work, and no matter how hard he tried, he would always fall behind. His boss would be yelling at him, telling him that he was worthless and that he would never amount to anything. Bob would wake up in a cold sweat, heart racing, relieved to find that it was only a dream. But tonight, the nightmare was different. Bob found himself in his coffee shop, which was now a vast, empty space. The shelves were bare, the counters clean. There was no sign of any customers, or even any staff. Bob could hear his own footsteps echoing as he walked around the empty room. He called out, but there was no answer. He went to the window and peered out, but the street outside was deserted. Bob felt a chill run down his spine. Where was everyone? What had happened to his coffee shop? Bob was snapped out of his reverie by the sound of someone calling his name. He turned around and saw a figure walking towards him, shrouded in shadow. As the figure came closer, Bob could see that it was a man, dressed in a long black cloak. The man's face was hidden in the darkness, but his eyes were glinting with a sinister light. The man came to a stop in front of Bob, and spoke in a hoarse, rasping voice. "You have something that I want, Bob. Give it to me, and I will leave you alone." Bob backed away, shaking his head. "I don't know what you're talking about. I don't have anything." The man took a step forward, and Bob could see the sharp, black claws that were protruding from his fingertips. "Don't lie to me, Bob. I know what you have. Give it to me, or you will regret it." Bob turned and ran towards the back of the store, his heart pounding in his chest. He could hear the man's footsteps echoing behind him, getting closer and closer. Bob reached the back door and fumbled with the lock, his hands shaking. He looked over his shoulder and saw the man bearing down on him, claws outstretched. Bob yanked open the door and stumbled out into the alley, just as the man reached him. Bob slammed the door shut and leaned against it, panting. He could hear the man pounding on the other side of the door, and his claws scratching at the wood. Bob knew that he wouldn't be able to hold the man off for long. He had to find help. Bob ran out of the alley and down the street, shouting for help. But the street was still deserted, and there was no one around. Bob was starting to feel panicky. He didn't know what to do. Suddenly, he heard a noise coming from the coffee shop. He turned around and saw the man smashing his way through the window. The man saw Bob and started to give chase. Bob knew that he couldn't outrun the man. He had to find somewhere to hide. He ran down the street, looking for a place to hide. He saw a dark alley and ran into it, not knowing if the man was following him. Bob stopped and leaned against the wall, trying to catch his breath. He heard the man's footsteps coming closer and closer. Bob looked around, desperately trying to find a way out. But it was too late. The man was upon him. The man grabbed Bob by the throat and lifted him off the ground. "I told you, Bob. Give me what I want. or you will regret it." Bob gasped for air, and shook his head. He didn't know what the man wanted. He didn't have anything. The man's grip tightened, and Bob felt himself losing consciousness. He knew that he was going to die. He only hoped that someone would find his body before the man did.