The forest was eerily quiet as Sandy walked through it. The only sound that could be heard was the crunching of leaves beneath her feet. She had been walking for hours, and she was starting to get tired. She had no idea where she was or how she had gotten there. The last thing she remembered was putting her kids to bed and then going to bed herself. She continued to walk, hoping to find some sort of clue as to what was going on. She was becoming increasingly worried as the minutes passed. She had no phone, no weapon, and no way to defend herself if someone attacked her. Suddenly, she heard a noise in the distance. It sounded like someone was crying. She followed the sound until she came to a clearing. In the middle of the clearing was a small girl, who was sobbing uncontrollably. Sandy approached the girl cautiously. "Hello? Are you okay?" she asked. The girl looked up at her with terror in her eyes. "Please don't hurt me," she begged. "I won't hurt you, I promise," Sandy said, trying to sound comforting. "Do you know what's going on? I have no idea how I got here." "I-I was out walking with my mom and dad," the girl said between sobs. "We got separated and I don't know how to find them." Sandy's heart went out to the girl. She knew how scary it was to be lost in the dark. "It's okay, I'll help you find them. But first, we need to find a way out of here. Do you know the way back to your house?" The girl shook her head. "Okay, well, let's just keep walking and see if we can find a way out," Sandy said. She took the girl's hand and started leading her through the forest. They walked for what felt like hours, but they couldn't find a way out. Sandy was starting to get worried. She was about to suggest that they rest for a bit when she heard the sound of someone crying again. "Hello?" she called out. There was no answer. She started walking towards the sound, and the girl followed close behind her. They came to another clearing, and in the middle of it was a woman. She was lying on the ground, sobbing. "Oh, thank goodness," the woman said when she saw them. "I've been lost in here for hours. I can't find my way out." "We're lost too," Sandy said. "But we'll find a way out. I promise." She helped the woman to her feet and then the three of them continued walking. They walked for what felt like forever, but they still couldn't find a way out. Sandy was starting to lose hope. They were never going to find their way out of there. Suddenly, she heard the sound of someone crying again. She followed the sound until she came to yet another clearing. In the middle of it was a man. He was sitting on the ground, his head in his hands. "Hello?" Sandy said. The man looked up at her. "Please, help me," he said. "I can't find my way out of here." "We're lost too," Sandy said. "But we'll find a way out. I promise." She helped the man to his feet and then the four of them continued walking. They walked for what felt like forever, but they still couldn't find a way out. Sandy was starting to feel like they were never going to find their way out of there. Suddenly, she heard a noise in the distance. It sounded like someone was crying. She followed the noise until she came to yet another clearing. In the middle of it was a small boy. He was lying on the ground, sobbing. "Please, help me," the boy begged. "I can't find my way out of here." "We're lost too," Sandy said. "But we'll find a way out. I promise." She picked up the boy and then the five of them continued walking. They walked for what felt like forever, but they still couldn't find a way out. Sandy was starting to feel like they were never going to find their way out of there. Suddenly, she heard a noise in the distance. It sounded like someone was crying. She followed the noise until she came to yet another clearing. In the middle of it was a woman. She was lying on the ground, sobbing. "Please, help me," the woman begged. "I can't find my way out of here