I had been tossing and turning for hours, unable to get to sleep. I had been having the same nightmares lately, ever since I had bought the coffee shop. In my dreams, I was back in the city, working in the corporate office that I had hated so much. I would be stuck in a cramped cubicle, surrounded by stacks of papers and files, with the sound of finger-typing and muffled conversation coming from the other cubicles. The fluorescent lights would give everything a harsh, unnatural glare. I would be struggling to catch up on my work, and no matter how hard I tried, I would always fall behind. My boss would be yelling at me, telling me that I was worthless and that I would never amount to anything. I would wake up in a cold sweat, heart racing, relieved to find that it was only a dream. But tonight, the nightmare was different. I found myself in my coffee shop, which was now a vast, empty space. The shelves were bare, the counters clean. There was no sign of any customers, or even any staff. I could hear my own footsteps echoing as I walked around the empty room. I called out, but there was no answer. I went to the window and peered out, but the street outside was deserted. I felt a chill run down my spine. Where was everyone? What had happened to my coffee shop? I was snapped out of my reverie by the sound of someone calling my name. I turned around and saw a figure walking towards me, shrouded in shadow. As the figure came closer, I could see that it was a man, dressed in a long black cloak. The man's face was hidden in the darkness, but his eyes were glinting with a sinister light. The man came to a stop in front of me, and spoke in a hoarse, rasping voice. "You have something that I want, Bob. Give it to me, and I will leave you alone." I backed away, shaking my head. "I don't know what you're talking about. I don't have anything." The man took a step forward, and I could see the sharp, black claws that were protruding from his nails. "Don't lie to me, Bob. I know what you have. Give it to me, or you will regret it." I turned and ran towards the back of the store, my heart pounding in my chest. I could hear the man's footsteps echoing behind me, getting closer and closer. I reached the back door and fumbled with the lock, my hands shaking. I looked over my shoulder and saw the man bearing down on me, claws outstretched. I yanked open the door and stumbled out into the alley, just as the man reached me. I slammed the door shut and leaned against it, panting. I could hear the man pounding on the other side of the door, and his claws scratching at the wood. I knew that I wouldn't be able to hold the man off for long. I had to find help. I ran out of the alley and down the street, shouting for help. But the street was still deserted, and there was no one around. I was starting to feel panicky. I didn't know what to do. Suddenly, I heard a noise coming from the coffee shop. I turned around and saw the man smashing his way through the window. The man saw me and started to give chase. I knew that I couldn't outrun the man. I had to find somewhere to hide. I ran down the street, looking for a place to hide. I saw a dark alley and ran into it, not knowing if the man was following me. I stopped and leaned against the wall, trying to catch my breath. I heard the man's footsteps coming closer and closer. I looked around, desperately trying to find a way out. But it was too late. The man was upon me. The man grabbed me by the throat and lifted me off the ground. "I told you, Bob. Give me what I want. or you will regret it." I gasped for air, and shook my head. I didn't know what the man wanted. I didn't have anything. The man's grip tightened, and I felt myself losing consciousness. I knew that I was going to die. I only hoped that someone would find my body before the man did.